the center round round josé de abreu junior better known by Ze Choir
older than the pin of the ford fiesta the homage happened during the usual
Christmas party together with users of the day center families healer shock
is a beautiful party and can motivate
nadal already known in java in 2007
because the main central one and in the square tom waits like figure of the ribatejo edomae
taurine
but I and Valkyrie on May 24, 1925
to the 83 years in disagreement as the other places in the one that would be his
activity for your whole life at 13 years
the integral construction
so far there are not four silver
published
if not one way
and for 4 and 4 years over here and twelve
I was informed
then day care and more than anything
son of icarus and in which guiné josé abril
magal played traci by influence of the father I broke south this profession my father
she's the evil one
I was just god illuminate kusturica
and so divert
bigger
is here
calculation that in the middle what the Catholics the news in the future
if I have entered for everything
reason to 20 because I understand that everything and container there tactical prefecture -
the first boards
it was the website
france spain
would quit
have finished
over a lifetime of horseback riding to Brazil
there are four contacts
the man even got baptized with his name at the end of the heat
this was the twenty-first century the beauty the coral because it was my mount even because we
places the abuse occurred
which is more expensive because no it was not the owners' son I never like
to buy something
like any that the pilot is very stories to believe us
is the leader with cabral was not easy and the gentlemen is plural still remembers
some moments of tightening went by tweets case
can everything the first was to scotland even mali
however that the stage eat the mafia
revealed on the track happened I'm a lot of my children
can explain how this accident happened his support costus fought
jussara action
and I stay connected
the tour of the year saw situation
I was adept above the floor the tucano also with other mattos couto
economic mattos couto the estimated tribute of pib is that cheer simas
University Degree
the other peak
the title should be explored on the
in the model marathon kills in the corn
the ford engine co was there in the square
new
I went to take a run
nita
is a guy totally
was himself
Valnei uti
future
it was from his chest
I pardon and kill you
the cancer
in what future
the amazing
why would the field replace
I went to the al-qaeda version when I told the tricolor
the prodeic and something endemic charges the tour with br
close
vehicle goal of the attacker fred leterme berta the lookout netherlands
I lay on the floor when in free education the world metallica
square aquino duarte
the most that the center-right I am
also served to inaugurate an exhibition that portrays the sexual life
while the pin the homenageado we speak with the crossing of the tragic
much thorn counted sometimes hostile was terrible
and food ready
5 and shorts henrique
and be here just to say to the walls or magistrates but the goal does not see
your party party
other cancer patients
with minor injuries
when going to the public a concussion has to be nice
What are you going to say at the time?
clóvis ribeiro technical coordinator of the center will be social postiga
explains the reasons of the honoree
whereas people should be known because what they have done and
and I can say that it was following last month with the
daughter
it's more like a few years right and people in what the needs are
how to feed indigenous hostages
techniques we go beyond we know people so life
the life story and we intend to be valued person meanwhile.
attentive to a whole experience what has to be convinced and this is a case and
it is never a disregard or a person like the life story to stay on top
person who conquered person with person with one was vandalized long
life and what it is that fall us from making continue to value that person after
of his 83 years and therefore take advantage of our line today a more festive day
one month
to inaugurate this exhibition paying tribute to this
exhibition is the life of the coral cesar he has here some objects is the
cost-effective
before what is here so I treated in all these all these years
the setúbal of however his life to the exchange profession
task and the severity of the work and commissions imposed on them by the
migo has always been admired and respected for his simple man character
sympathetic spectator and great traditional wisdom dilate all so much
old
in times of celebration like civil offering of the river in the dock of the port and by there pq
others he cured was per cent with the spirit thriller of camaraderie tikrit
richa way of being of campinas haughty susuka falcom campina hand
dress color
shakira that caused dark barrett see of the vest incarnate white socks
rafts brown shoes with small pores and a simple
metal plate that proudly displays the iron knives farmer who indicates the
love of your work
the work of the three to the 81 years always in the house in front of the camera
these three years in high school I made airo and then it was so that everything
punishment until you graduate
the text refused that notaries with 130 horses the worn in the control of the
procreation and described of affiliation but to consolidate cost of the tablets
of this session seeks as a complement to the bullfights I try val france
and spain
Zack Morale is currently in the center via Sofia in the company of his
wife